add ITN favicon and fix links (#54)
jhudsl/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics: 05-code-review-author.Rmd

1. Create a new branch as we described in the previous chapter.
2. In your local repository, create a folder called `.github`

> 3. Cpy and past this [pull request template file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jhudsl/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) to a new text file and save it as a `.md` to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy and paste this [pull request template file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jhudsl/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) to a new text file and save it as a `.md` to get started.
```
